---
title: '[App] Developing Cassette Player App_01'
date: '2026-04-09'
description: Cassette tape player app development journal 01
tags:
  - React Native
  - Cassette App
---
I didn't pay for YouTube Premier this month and found that listening to the songs was more annoying than the ads.

I listen to songs occasionally, but it's become a little uncomfortable to listen to songs in the library.

Then I copied the old songs with mp3 files to my phone and listened to them on the player...

In the past, I used to record what I wanted to listen to on a tape and wait for the tape to end before listening to the song.

I miss that feeling of waiting.

I made it because I miss the player of those days when you had to listen to the song all the way to the end and listen to the noise, not just listen to a little bit of music quickly like nowadays.


At first, I made two versions of Replit and ClaudeCode to compare each platform.

[Replit vs ClaudeCode](https://backtodev.com/ko/posts/replit_vs_claudecode)

Replit seems to be a good choice for app development in the beginning.

At least you can see directly from the preview page to the app screen,

If you do it with Claude code, you have to open the simulator, but it takes too long to load, and if a screen error appears, you have to capture and check the screen to debug... It was troublesome...

However, when debugging, Claude Code definitely shines when debugging.

However, the design doesn't look as good as I thought it would even with the image.

You can talk about the design in a lot of detail, but in the end it doesn't work, so you need a designer to improve the quality.
  
   

   

> ClaudeCode My feeling while developing is that it helps tremendously in the beginning and debugging,
    but eventually it needs to be checked and improved by humans.


