---
title: '[App] Developing Cassette Player App_02'
date: '2026-04-10'
description: Cassette Tape Player App Development Journal 02
tags:
  - React Native
  - Cassette App
---
You've been working on your cassette player app for a week.


However, I kept not liking the design, so I changed the AI, changed it with AI image generation, and tried a lot of things, but I kept getting stuck here, like an election.

AI tools I've used so far.  
-ClaudeCode
-Replit
-Antigravity
-NanoBanana
-chatGPT

I tried to use every AI tool available to improve the design and fix the bugs, but it wasn't working.

The first one I made with ClaudeCode was buggy, so it took me longer to fix it.

In the end, I decided to import the initial version I made with Replit into ClaudeCode and develop it by fixing only the features.



I'm using the Sonnet model, which is the basic Pro model, and Replit is currently free because I paid for it,
I think Replit free is better initially than basic Sonnet.



So, first of all, I only improved the features until this week,

and start working on getting it listed in the store next week.


> The more you develop, the more you need a human touch.


When I built my first website with WordPress, I was excited at first, but as I added more and more features, I realized that it took a lot of work and time,

AI development is the same. I was excited at first, but then I realized that I needed a human touch.

I have a lot to learn about Agents, Harness, etc. in the future, but for now, I have to do it one step at a time.
